Added description for the webkit-meter-bar CSS pseudo element (#20676)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/_doublecolon_-webkit-meter-bar/index.md

{{CSSRef}}{{Non-standard_header}}

> The **`::-webkit-meter-bar`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-class](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Pseudo-class) is a [WebKit extension](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/WebKit_Extensions) that represents the meter bar in a {{HTMLElement("meter")}} element. It is used for selecting and applying style to the container meter gauge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`::-webkit-meter-bar`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [pseudo-element](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Pseudo-element) is a [WebKit extension](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/WebKit_Extensions) that represents the meter bar in a {{HTMLElement("meter")}} element. It is used for selecting and applying styles to the container meter gauge.
```
